c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.exe.config
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.exe
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.pdb
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.g.resources
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.exe
c:\users\kotimonni\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.pdb
C:\Users\Kotimonni\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\Tietokanta.mdf
C:\Users\Kotimonni\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\Tietokanta_log.ldf
C:\Users\Kotimonni\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_Content.g.cs
